Agenda:

-> Jenn, update on how we're randomizing the surveys. Going to just do a bunch of 
random groups to make it easier. 
    -> Jenn probably done by tomorrow at 6 p.m. (include updating your survey code chunk)

-> Pooya, how's getting ready to launch the survey going? Did you figure out how to set 
the criteria that no-one can do more than one of our HITs?
        -> Pooya still working on this, but is okay. 

-> Other questions:
    -> How is the data going to be formatted when it comes in from MTurk? Someone can
    start working on a parsing script now.
            -> Pooya will write the parsing script. Goal to move this into .csv
    -> Other than completeness, how are we determining which HITs to reject? Do we need 
    to do some more research on this?
            -> We need a timer that notices too short of a time. 
            -> Matt will do. 
    -> Who has experience with machine learning? The professor said he doesn't think
    fitting a model is a reach goal with a group of 5 people, so we need to figure out who can take
    on some model building (and maybe assessing with some of the tools we learned about in our first
    hw).
            -> the features are the demographics and the prediction is the relevance rating from the users
            -> unsupervised learning, cluster on ratings 
            -> let's bring this up with the professor
            -> Paige reading, Ricky reading  
    -> We can also start on the poster now by doing basic formatting and writing an intro. 
            -> recommendation: make in powerpoint 
            -> Matt

